A House for a Mouse.

Deep in the dark of the house, nighttime silence woke Whiskers. 
He yawned. 
Whiskers jumped up to explore. 
Pale yellow light made purple shadows on the floor. 
The house was quiet. 
He ran down a long, ligthed hallway. 
This house was fine for a hungry mouse. 
This was a house for a mouse. 
With his pink nose to the carpet, Whiskers smelled something wonderful. 
He squeezed under a dark door at the end of the long hall. 
Whiskers quickly climbed up a thick, heavy blanket. 
He hustled across lumpy terrain and slid down a steep, slick hill. 
He rolled into peanut bits, cookie crumbs and tortilla chips. 
Just as he was about to snack, the ground moved beneath his paws. 
Screams filled the room, terrifying Whiskers. 
He flew up into the air with chips and blanket. 
A bright light blinded his eyes. 
He jumped to the floor and ran for the door. 
As he escaped, a swat stung his tail. 
Whiskers raced back to his warm bed and hid under his sister. 
Cheesepuff asked what was all the racket. 
Cheesepuff is a little white furry ball. 
Whiskers said that a huge monster in the house, as big as a mountain with a bright, shiny eye and a terrible tail-whacker. 
Cheesepuff sniffed the air and shuddered. 
Cheesepuff said that it was a human. 
Cheesepuff told Whiskers that this house would be trouble. 
Cheesepuff and Whiskers will have to move. 
Cheesepuff and Whiskers needed a house for a mouse. 
Whiskers said that this is our home. 
Cheesepuff declared that that they will have to leave. 
Whiskers said no. 
Whiskers added that we have to live together. 
In the morning an orange van parked in front of the house. 
Men in white suits put sticky traps all around the house next to Whiskers and Cheesepuff's favorite hunting sites. 
That night, Whiskers sniffled a delicious tray and cautiously dipped his paw into tasty goop. 
His paw stuck in the muck and he cried out for his sister. 
Cheespuff tugged and pulled until his paw popped out of the sticky glop. 
The mouse waited many days for the traps to disappear. 
They were getting very hungry. 
Then Whiskers had an idea. 
Whiskers said that Cheesepuff and Whiskers will leave the humans a present and maybe they will let Cheesepuff and Whiskers stay. 
Cheesepuff did not think it was a good idea, and she hid in her bed while Whiskers carefully picked fresh herbs and petals. 
He pulled out a small bag from their treasure box and filled it full of fragrant lavender and pretty pink petals. 
Cheesepuff watched when Whiskers left their gift by the dreadful tray in the living room. 
His paw prints were stamped all over the bag. 
In the morning, the mice heard shouts, voices and crying. 
Soon, all the traps were gone. 
When the sister and brother peeked into the kitchen that night, there was a big package where a trap had ben sitting. 
Whiskers was suspicious. 
Whiskers said to not get too close as he stared at the odd sight. 
Cheesepuff said that the humans left us a pretty present as she snuffled the pink, polka dot wrapping paper with her nose. 
The two mice tore the paper and found a very curious construction. 
Whiskers rolled into the soft wood shavings on the floor and bumped a bowl filled with peanut bits, cookie crumbs and tortilla chips. 
Whiskers ran on a big wheel that turned round and round. 
Cheesepuff followed him and found a carrot in one corner. 
Cheesepuff said that she was wet when she leaned on the water bottle. 
Cheesepuff said that it was a house. 
Cheesepuff said that that it is Whiskers and Cheespuff's very own house. 
Cheesepuff said that it is a home made just for Whiskers and Cheesepuff's size. 
Whiskers said that it is Whiskers and Cheesepuff's very own house. 
Whiskers said that now, this is a house for a mouse.