Billy Bogglesworth

One fine morning, at a quarter to two the sun came up on Kalamazoo. All the Kings horses were prancing about when suddenly Billy came out. He came out of his house on Farwiggle Street and he looked so proud as he marched on his feet. He marched up the street just as fast as he could and he walked all the to the castle of Wood. Now the castle of Wood was made of wood and some jade where the Queen and her maid liked to make marmalade. Billy knocked on the door. Billy knock-knock-knocked, then he knocked once more so the Queen let him in. The Queen was afraid because Billy liked marmalade. The Queen knew Billy would eat just as much as he could. Billy would eat all he could in the castle of Wood. Well Billy took a big plate and put it right on his head. Billy piled on biscuits and he piled bread. Billy grabbed a big cup full of marmalade jam. Billy took a big bite and said thank you. Billy didn't stop there for Billy was starving. Billy knew he could eat much more than his pal Marvin. Billy gobbled up jellies and briskets and puffins which make very good late-night goosberry stuffings. Billy ate salads, carrots, broccoli, and peas. Billy ate strawberry bric-abrac hoot-toot with ease. Billy ate pizzas, pumpkins, and banana zucchini. Billy made them all disappear just like Houdini. The good Queen finally got mad for Billy was being quite bad. Billy was never invited and never said please. Billy never had asked for the marmalade cheese. The Queen was surprised when Billy held out a can. Billy had the very last marmalade can in his hand. The Queen had enough of the terrible feast. The Queen didn't like it one bit, not in the least. The Queen was surprised when Billy stopped and stared. Billy stopped and stared while the Queen glared. Billy looked at the can and started to frown. Billy put the can down without a sound. Billy said that he thought he was too full. Billy looked at the dishes sitting high in a heap. Billy said that he thought that he was done. Billy seeped to the floor and slept. The King, the Queen, the maid, and the men rolled Billy all the way down the street to his friend. Billy's friend Marvin was happy to see that Billy could never eat as much marmalade as Marvin.