Domino Goes to the Beach

Domino is a Boston Terrier. She likes to play with her toys and enjoys her family. Domino sat one Tuesday, looking sad. She wanted something exciting to do, but it was too cold outside. We asked Domino if she would like to go to the beach to visit Alex. She was so excited! Alex was Domino's human brother who moved far away to a beautiful town on the coast of New Jersey. We traveled many hours in the car. Domino was very good and sat patiently in her seat. We made frequent stops at doggie friendly areas. We stopped and surprised Alex on the way to the hotel. He had no idea that Domino was coming to visit him. Domino was a little nervous when we arrived at the hotel, but happy to be out of the car so she could stretch her legs. The sand was soft on Domino's paws and there were so many new scents. The waves came up and got her feet wet. She did not like that very much and made certain to not get too close to the ocean. Domino saw lots of things that she had never seen before. The gulls were quite odd to Domino. The noise they made sounded like laughter. What funny birds. Nothing like the small birds at home. Afterward, Domino needed a nap as she was so tired from her busy day. The next day Domino went sight-seeing at a nearby town. It was a nice walk through the streets lined with quaint shops. Domino went on the boardwalk. Dogs usually are not allowed on the boardwalk, but since it was the off-season there were only a few people sono one minded that she was there. She stopped so some little girls could visit with her. Domino had a few bites of peanut butter frozen custard, yum! Domino saw some huge concrete beach balls. They wouldn't roll or bounce so they were not too much fun for dogs to play with. We went metal detecting on the beach. I bet Domino hoped that he would find some dog bones buried in the sand, but we only found a few old metal bottle caps. We threw them in the trash because we want to make sure the beaches are clean and free of trash that can cut our feet or paws. She took a nap with Alex. I bet Domino had sweet dreams of the birds laughing as the cool waves covered her paws or the sweet taste of frozen custard or how nice it was to visit with him. We left for a long ride back home with fond memories of all of the fun adventures we shared. We look forward for another vacation adventure with our furry family member, Domino. Good bye, Jersey Shore. We hope to come back soon! Woof, woof!