King of Killers Chapter One A stegosaurus screamed to run as it lumbered through the trees, bellowing terror. A compsognathus squealed to flee, before racing off as fast as it could. A herd of hadrosaurus trumpeted to run as they stampeded in alarm. The only creature not to move was a small, brown lizard called Lila. She was basking on a rock beside the lake. Opening one sleepy eye, she watched the dinosaurs rushing round in panic. Lila asked who's coming. A hadrosaur wailed that it is the King of the Killers. Lila did not run. She yawned, lay on her rock and waited. A moment later she heard the thump of heavy feet. Trees crunched and crashed. Branches snapped like straw.A Tyrannosaurus Rex charged through the trees, howled and stamped over to the lake. It stopped at the water's edge. Then it glared around looking for someone to eat. The only animal it could see was Lila, the little brown lizard. Lowering its massive head, the T-Rex bared its teeth at her. The T-Rex wondered why she hasn't run as he told her the King of the Killers has arrived. Lila disagreed calmly. The T-Rex shook its head and roared out that he is the King of the Killers. Lila cast a lazy eye over the T-Rex. It was a very big dinosaur, but it was also very young. She disagreed. The T-Rex argued back that he is bigger than his brothers and sisters. Lila gave an uninterested reaction. King King opened his mouth wide, ready to snap Lila up as he explains that Rex means King and that he is king twice. But Lila did not move. Lila said not to bother eating her, a measly mouthful, and that she is not afraid for she has seen worse. King King yelped in alarm and wondered if there are any that are worse than him. He whirled around. But he could not spot another dinosaur anywhere. Thumping his tail in anger, King King roared and accused Lila of lying. Lila pointed at the lake asking King King to look at where she was pointing. King King gazed across the lake. His eyes widened. On the opposite shore was a very fearsome dinosaur indeed. Its huge head was crammed with at least a hundred long, sharp teeth. Its eyes were small and mean. Its tail thrashed from side to side as it strode around the lake. And it was coming towards them. King King wondered who it was. Lila explained that it was Titanosaur and that it is bigger than King King. King King rejected the idea. Lila shrugged saying they'll soon know and that it's coming nearer to look over its hunting grounds. King King acted tough in a slightly wobbly voice. He boasted on how he could beat him any day. Lila exclaimed that she wasn't scared either. King King wondered why. Lila says it's because she wasn't actually pointing at him. She pointed again at the lake, just beyond the reeds. King King stared at its still surface. Suddenly the lake rippled. The reeds shuddered. The water heaved. Then, with a mighty WHOOSH of waves, there emerged the biggest head that he had ever seen. It held at least a thousand wicked teeth. And it was attached to a dripping body that was even bigger than Titan. The new dinosaur glowered at King King. Then it began to wade out of the water. It was enormous. King King backed away. He quavered and asked what it was. Lila explained that it was a spinosaur. King King gulped but still acted tough and asked what it eats. Lila answered anything that moves. She said that she isn't the king but the Queen of Killers and that the lake is her territory. He stood and stared, not knowing what to do. The two huge predators were heading straight towards him. They both looked bigger and faster than he was - and much, much meaner. And now it was too late for him to run. Chapter Two The ground shook as Titan stamped around the shore. The lake swirled as Spinechilla lurched out in a tidal wave. King King whimpered help and asked what he should do. Lila suggested he challenge them. He said they're bound to win and cowered behind Lila's rock. It didn't even hide one foot. Lila said it wasn't true. King King said it's because they are bigger than him and that he cannot win agianst them. He dashed behind a tree-fern. It didn't even hide one leg. Lila disagreed saying they are stupid despite being big. King King tryied to bury his head in the sand. She sighed and said she'll helped but only if King King promise to not eat her and her family.King King agreed. Lila said to challenge them to a race but T-Rex protested. Lila asked him to trust her and encouraged him even more to challenge them. King King cleared his throat. He drew himself up to his full height and yelled a voice that made trees tremble challenging the two dinos. Spinechilla and Titan turned thier fearsome heads towards him. They both roared accepting the challenge. King King asked Lila in a whisper on what to do next. Lila glanced at the approaching dinosaurs. She was so small and weak that they took no notice of her. They were only interested in King King. She said to tell them to race up to those trees and that they have to race in and out of them. King King asked why. She said to just do it. So King King roared out the challenge. Both Spinechilla and Titan agreed. All three dinosaurs lined up, ready to start the race. King King felt quite nervous. He started the countdown but was left behind. The other two had already sped away. Spinechilla ran fast and Titan ran even faster. King King began to pound after them, but he was soon left behind. King King said it was a terrible idea. Lila told him to just keep running. Titan got to the trees first. He turned his head to stick his tongue out at the other two. He wasn't looking where he was going. Next minute, he ran smack into a tree. Titan howled in pain. While he was staggering round in a circle, Spinechilla raced past him. King King puffed along behind her. He had no chance of winning... That was what he thought. But once they reached the trees, Spinechilla had to slow right down. She was too big to twist and turn between them. King King could twist and turn between them easily. Soon he was in the lead. He galloped to the finish line. He cheered of being a champion. Spinechilla disagreed, thundering up after him. Titan came pounding along behind. King King begged to differ. Spinechilla said it be best of three and that whoever loses next is out. Titan asked what the second challenge is. King King bent down and pretended to scratch his foot, so Lila could whisper in his ear. Lila told him to challenge them to a biting competition. King King looked at the huge logs in dismay. He wasn't sure if he was that strong. Lila encouraged him. King King gulped. But he couldn't think of a better challenge, so he told the others. Spinechilla called it easy. She marched over to the branches, grabbed the biggest one and CRUNCHED. Splinters flew through the air. Spienchilla spat out the minced-up bits of wood and glared at King King and told him it's his turn. He seized a branch and munched with all his might. His jaws ached. His teeth hurt. but he just managed to bite his branch in two. Spinechilla called Titan because he was next. Titan called it easy, as he took hold of a branch and shook it in his teeth. Although his jaws were huge, they were not as strong as they looked. Lila knew this. So she was not surprised when Titan dropped the branch without biting through it. Spinechilla shooed Titan away. She charged at Titan, who squealed in alarm. He turned and crashed off through the trees. Spinechilla grinned at King King, showing all her cruel teeth. She said it was just the two of them left and that she will choose the next challenge and it was a swimming challenge. Chapter Three. Spinechilla asked if King King wants to back away. King King accepted but he was terrified. Then he slumped to the ground in despair. King King wondered if he could even swim. Lila didn't think so. King King said he was doomed. Lila said he wasn't and that he has to get Spinechilla to go first. King King looked more hopeful. Once again, she whispered in his ear. King King looking puzzled. Lila ensured what she said to him. Spinechilla plunged into the lake to start her swim. As she set off, King King began to swing his head side to side. He wailed and moaned, just as Lila told him. He kept screaming about how he is hungry and all. Spinechilla told him to be quiet but King King kept on wailing about his empty stomach. He kept it up until she was too far across the lake to hear him. Then, at last, he stopped. He grumbled to Lila about how it was useless what he did. For Spinechilla was already halfway to the otherside. Lila said to just watch. King King stared. Spinechilla was slowing down. She began to swim round and round in circles, snapping at the water with her vicious teeth. He wondered what she was doing. Lila said she's hunting. Fish were leaping out of the water all around Spinechilla, trying to escape. As the fish fled, she followed them, snapping at their tails and gulping them down whole. Lila turned to King King and said he put the idea of food into her head. Moments later they saw Spinechilla climb out of the far side of the lake. She waddled heavily to the bank and at once lay down to sleep. Her stomach was bulging. King King was amazed. King King is now the King of the Killers. With a happy roar, King King ran off to chase a nice fat hadrosaur. Lila bade goodbye. She stretched out on her warm rock in the sun and watched him with a lazy smile, till he was out of sight. The end.