Never Lonely Again 

Let me tell you a secret. When I was about your age, I often felt really lonely. Sometimes I had no friends to play with and I thought that nobody cared how I felt.
 I still remember that very well. Most of the grownups have forgotten how it feels to be lonely, because they always seem to be busy.
Chesnut, the squirrel in our story, also felt lonely. But one day something happened that opened his eyes.

One morning, Chesnut stayed in the bed longer than usual. He didn't feel like getting up. There was nothing for him to do, and worst of all, he had no friends to play with.
He thought of sleeping more, when suddenly the whole house began to move and shake.Chesnut thought that it was an earthquake and was wide awake right away.
But it was no earthquake. It was only Morris, the otter, who was playing with a branch of Chesnut's tree. 
Chesnut asked Otter if he was crazy and why did he made such a rattle that early in the morning. Morries replied by asking Chesnut also to come out and play.
Chesnut was annoyed and shut down Morris' offer because he did not want Morris to know that he had no friends to play with.
Morris then said that Chesnut's problem is that Chesnut is just bored with his own company.Morris explained that otters are always happy because they make friends on their everyday lives.
Chesnut then asked if Morris have one hundred friends. Morris quickly boasted that he might have even more friends and asked Chesnut to come along because he will show his pals.
Chesnut did'nt believe Morris for a moment but he was curious enough to go along with him.
Morris introduced his friends that are flowers to Chesnut. Chesnut said that they are not friends and they are just flowers. Morris explained that flowers have nice smell and they are smiling to them 
and someone that smiles is considered as a friend.
Morris then encouraged Chesnut to catch butterflies and Chesnut agreed but he still thought that Morris was silly. Whenever Morris caught a butterfly, he immediately releases it because according to him, they 
can't keep a friend locked up.
Morris then pointed a row of rocks leading accross the river and he said that those rocks were more fun than bridges. Chesnut was not quite sure.As Chesnut jumped from stone to stone. he had nearly made it to 
the other side of the river when he slipped and fell into the water.Chesnut then climbed into shore and angrily said to Morris that water was his friend too. Morris said that there's no reason to be upset and that Chesnut should watch him.
Morris said that he loved the water because water tickles him all over. Chesnut then laughed and felt silly for having been so clumsy.
After Morris finished  the shower, both of them were dripping wet. They shook off some of the water and then Morris ran up the hill and opened his arms wide.
Morris asked Chesnut to lie down together in  the sun. The warm sunshine felt good on their bellies. Chesnut thought that sun is also a good friend to have but he didn't say anything to Morris.
Morris then said that he is getting hungry. This time, Chesnut was the one that encouraged Morris to come with him to go to someone that will give them food.
Chesnut showed Morris an apple tree full of ripe red apples.
Morris said that he liked Chesnut's friend.Chesnut aggreed with him.
They watched the different clouds going by. The sun got low and it was time for them to return home.
On their way home, Chesnut asked Morris if he have made a new friend. Morris then replied that he never thought about it becaue they were too busy. He asked Chesnut if he can become his new friend. Chesnut liked it very much and held tight to Morris.
Then the two friends said good night to each other. Morris said that he wants to see Chesnut in the morning. Morris said that he still want Chesnut to have more friends. He then disappered to the water.
That night, Chesnut went to bed early and set his alarm clock to make sure he wouldn't oversleep the next morning. After all, he couldn't disappoint all the friends who would be waiting for him.
