Royal Raven

The egg popped open and out came crawford. Crawford crowed. But there was no reply. His mother was out looking for food. He was all by himself. There was nobody to make a fuss about his arrival.Then came the bigger disappointment.

Crawford saw that he was a boring- looking raven, like all others. Deep in his heart he felt that he was special. He tried to show how different he was. He then ask everyone to look at him but nobody ever paid attention. 

At first Crawford was furious. That didn't help much. Then he began to feel sorry for himself. Everytime he caught sight of his ordinary raven's feathers, he wished he looked different. He then ask why cant he look like a swan, cardinal, eagle or a hummingbird. He felt anything would be better than his current looks.

Every day Crawford came up with another idea to improve his appearance. But it was no use. Nothing seemed to be just right. He then said that he need to do something more drastic as he flew off into the deepest part of the forest.

There he called upon an old woman who was known for her special powers. Crawford came right to the point and said to the old lady that he would do anything if she can change his looks. The old woman replied and ask of what can the bird do for her. The old woman said that Crawford was not good enough and his tail feathers might be used for her brew. Crawford plucked out some of his longest feathers and gave them to the woman.

The old woman casted some spell and Crawford was transformed into a spectacular creature with dazzling, shiny feathers.Crawford then cried as he looked at himself. Then without even bothering to thanks the old woman, Crawford flew back to his friends.

Crawford asked everyone to look at him as he cried. He spread his wings and strutted up and down with his beak high in the air. The ravens wondered on who the bird is. But they where too polite to say anything. Crawford introduced himself and the ravens just stared in silence. Crawford boasted that he is special and unique. With that, he flew off to king's castle.

As Crawford swooped around the royal garden, he was spotted by the princess. The princess then cried and asked to capture the bird and do not let it get away.

Crawford was caught and tied to a golden chain. Proudly the princess showed off her new treasure. Crawford didn't mind in the least. After all, he was now part of the royal family. What more could he have wished for? he had it all: dassling beauty, lots of attention, and wonderful place to live.

Unfortunately, the royal raven's table manners left much to be desired. He lost a great deal of his popularity when he caused a huge ruckus in the royal dining room. He was ordered out and the king made a decree banning all birds from the dinner table even those that were roasted, broiled and barbecued.

Crawford was banished from the huge golden cage that stood all alone in the royal garden.

Servants brought him food, but hardly anyone came to see him anymore. Once in a while somebody would pass and compliment the bird for his beautiful looks. But this praise did not make him happy. Each day Crawford got sadder and sadder. He could see the other birds fly by, and he longed to join them. All he wanted was to be free again. He lost his appetite and grew weaker and weaker.

 One day an old woman came to the garden selling strawberries and said that the bird looks really sad and asked the princess on why wouldn't she let it go. The princess said that the bird os very precious that there isn't another in the whole kingdom with such dazzling feathers. Suddenly Crawford understood what he had to do to gain back his freedom.

He began to pluck out all his beautiful feathers, one by one. When the princess saw what he had done, she screamed and ordered to take the bird out of her sight. That was exactly what Crawford wanted. The guards opened the door of the cage. At last Crawford was free again.

Crawford sure looked different now but he wasn't worried because he said that his feathers will grow back and he didn't care if they were all gold, silver, purple, spotted, or just plain black. And neither did his friends.






