The mouse that was
paul choy

This is the story of a little mouse who discovered that all he had to do to be happy was be himself. There was once a mouse who lived in a little whole. The little hole was in a little tree, and the little tree was in a little wood. The little mouse had never met any other mice and, because there were no mirrors in his little hole, he had no idea who or what he was. But one thing the little mouse was completely sure of was that he was not meant to live in a little hole forever. Because the little mouse knew, deep in his tiny mouse heart, that it was his destiny to be big. So one day the little mouse decided to leave his little hole and discover the world. He packed a little bag full of all his important mousey things, and off he went as fast as his very little legs could carry him. After many days of travelling he came across a zoo. It wasn’t actually very far from his little wood, but this mouse only had very little legs so everywhere seemed like quite a long way. The little mouse had never seen anything like the zoo before. It was so different from his little hole. It was full of the most amazing, wonderful and enormous creatures he had ever seen. The little mouse saw a great big lion pacing up and down, showing off his great big sharp teeth. He saw a gigantic giraffe starching out her gigantic neck to eat the leaves from the top of a gigantic tree. And he saw a ginormous eagle stretching out his ginormous wings. It was obvious to the little mouse that this is where all the big creatures lived. And this little mouse knew, deep in his tiny mouse heart, that it was his destiny to be big. So he decided, right there and then, that this was where he was going to live. The only trouble was that, because the little mouse had no idea who or what he was, he did not know which of the animals he should live with. The little mouse thought he was a lion so he ran over to where the lions lived, in a great big cage surrounded by great big bars to stop the lions escaping. Being so small, the little mouse scampered straight through the bars to meet the great big lions inside. Taking a great big breath, he let out the biggest roar he could. But because he was such a little mouse, all that came out was a tiny squeak. All the lions fell about laughing. The little mouse thought that he was not a lion and was a giraffe. He ran over where the giraffe lived. He wriggled straight through the fence to meet the gigantic giraffe inside. Standing as tall as he could, he reached for the leaves but even the tiptoes he could only reach the trunk of the tree. All the giraffes fell about laughing. The mouse also thought that he was an eagle. So he ran over where the eagles lived. He tried to fly and jumped in the air and he flapped his little mouse legs. But try as he might, he just kept falling over on his bottom. All the eagles fell about laughing. The zookeeper came and saw the mouse and asked what he was doing. The little mouse fell around laughing at how lucky he was to be small. He realized that he did not need to be big. He was a little mouse and, and being little was all he needed to be happy. And so the little mouse picked up his little bag containing all his important mousey things and left the zoo, running as fast as his very little legs would carry him. He ran all the way back to his little hole, in his little tree, in his little wood. And he promised himself that day he would just enjoy being a little mouse; the very best little mouse he could be.
