The Mouse that shouldÅc

This is the story of a little mouse who learned that he should never leave for tomorrow, the things he could do today. There was once a little mouse who lived in a little hole. The little hole was in a little tree, and the little tree was on a little wood. Summer was always such a wonderful time in the little wood. The sun would shine brightly in the sky, bringing warmth and light to everything below. Colourful flowers of all shapes and sizes would spring up from every nook and cranny, and the water in the little stream would sparkle and twinkle in the sunlight that beamed through the leaves in the trees above. It was enough to put a smile on the little faces of all the animals who lived in the wood, especially Little Mouse, who just loved the summer time. Without doubt, Little MouseÅfs favourite summer pastime was lazing away the warm days, snug in his little hole, watching all the creatures go about their busy lives. There would always be such a buzz of activity, with everyone coming and going, taking care of all sorts of important jobs and chores. It was on just such a lazy day that Little Mouse noticed a squirrel running back and forth, back and forth, scurrying between his home and the field just beyond the edge of the wood. The squirrel stopped every now and then to bury something in the ground. Little Mouse asked Mr. Squirrel on what he was doing. Mr. Squirrel answered that he was collecting nuts. Little Mouse replied back asking the reason on why Mr. Squirrel was collecting nuts. Mr. Squirrel said that he was collecting nuts for the winter for his food. Little Mouse thought for a while, wondering whether he too should be getting ready for the winter by collecting some of his favorite nuts, fruits and berries to save for another day. But, looking around all the trees, which were full of so many tasty things to eat, he couldnÅft help but wonder what all the rush was about. He thought to himself that he will just collect them tomorrow. Soon, Little Mouse was startled from his daydreams by a rustling noise outside his little hole. Looking out to see what commotion was, he saw a bird flying busily back and forth, back and forth, between her nest and the soft woodland floor. Little Mouse asked Mrs. Bird on what she was doing. Mrs. Bird said that she was collecting leaves and twigs to repair her nest. Little Mouse asked why she was doing that and Mrs. Bird said that it was for winter and for her shelter. Looking around his little hole, Little Mouse wondered whether he too should be busy repairing his shelter but he again thought of doing it the next day. Finally, just as he was dazing off, Little Mouse noticed a rabbit scurrying around in the undergrowth. Every now and then the rabbit would stop and carefully lick his paws before drawing them back and forth, back and forth, all over his shiny coat. The Little mouse asked the rabbit on what he was doing. The rabbit answered that he was cleaning his fur. Little Mouse asked him on why he was doing that. Rabbit said that he was cleaning his fur for the winter to keep his body warm. Looking at his own fur, which was full knots and tangles, Little Mouse wondered if he too should be spending some time looking after his scraggly little coat. But, once again he thought of just doing it tomorrow. And so it went on, with Little Mouse whiling away the lazy summer days as he watched a scurrying squirrel, a busy bird and a preening rabbit run back and forth, taking care of all their summer chores. Little Mouse felt tired out just watching them. Soon, though, the weather started to get cooler. Little by little, the days grew shorter and the leaves of the trees started to turn brown and red and orange, before eventually falling from the branches and drifting below. Autumn quickly turned to winter. The wind began to howl through treed then the snow fell from the sky above, covering all the treed and the hard, frozen ground in a fluffy white blanket. All the animals, who just a short while ago had been hard at work in the wood, quickly headed back to their little homes, warm and safe from the cold. It was not long before Little Mouse felt his tummy starting to rumble, but the trees were bare and he had nothing tasty to eat. The wind whistled through his the cracks in his little hole, and the melting snow dripped thorough onto his threadbare, matted fur. Cold, wet and hungry, Little Mouse was feeling thoroughly sorry for himself when, peeking out from his little hole, he noticed Mr. Squirrel nibbling contently on one of the nuts he had collected during the summer. Little Mouse also saw Mrs. Bird sitting happily on her soft mattress of moss, sheltered from the cold and wet by the nest she had carefully repaired during the summer. And he saw Mr. Rabbit, warm and protected from the howling wind by a soft coat of neat fur that he had taken the time to clean during the summer. All at once, Little Mouse realized what a mistake he had made, snoozing away the summer instead of finding a little time to collect some tasty nibbles for winter, repair his little hole and take more care of his furry coat. Just when Little Mouse was beginning to wonder what he would do, there was an unexpected knock at the door. Looking up, he saw Mr. Squirrel, Mrs. Bird and Mr. Rabbit peering in at him, as he sat shivering in the corner of his little hole. He must have really looked a sorry state, because Little MouseÅfs new friends immediately got to work. Mr. Squirrel dashed off to raid his secret store of nuts and berries, hidden away for just such an emergency. Mrs. Bird fixed up the cracks and holes in the walls, while Mr. Rabbit showed Little Mouse how to clean his coat, using his teeth and paws to comb through the really tangly bits. Before Little Mouse knew it, he was stroking his soft fur, snug and warm in his patched up little hole and surrounded by a winter feast of nuts and berries. Little Mouse had certainly learned his lesson, and was very grateful to his new friends for helping him. He promised them that, from that day forward, he would never put off until tomorrow the things that should be done today. And with that all four friends tucked into their feast, laughing and joking together, as they waited for the summer to return.