The Mouse that Knew There once was a little mouse who lived in a little hole. The little hole was in a little tree, and the little tree was in a little wood. Little Mouse was very happy in his little wood. It had everything he needed. His little tree had plenty of leafy branches to keep away the sun and the rain. His little hole was warm and snnuggly - the perfect place to sleep at night. And, best of all, his little wood had lots of delicious things to eat whenever Little Mouse was hungry. There were nuts and berries and all sorts of fruits in the little wood. But what all the animals loved most were the juicy apples that grew on the great big apple trees. And the very juiciest of all the juicy apples grew on the high branches, safe from all the creatures below. Most of the time, the little wood was as quiet as quiet could be; so quiet you could easily hear the gentle breeze whispering through the trees. Which is why Little Mouse was so surprised when he was woken up one day by an enormous commotion just outside his little hole. Peeking out, he saw the strangest od sights. There, right in front of his little tree, were a pig and a rabbit and a goat, arguing loudly and making a terrible noise. Little Mouse could hardly hear himself think. And, while they were arguing, they were all staring into the branches of Little Mouse's tree, at some of the juiciest apples in the whole wood. But the apples were on a branch just too high for any of them to reach. Pig said that the best way to get those apples is to climb the tree and pull them down one by one and when she does, she will enjoy the tasty treats. Rabbit disagreed almost immediately saying that the best way is to jump as high as possible and grab them straight off the branch and that when she does, she will be the one enjoying the treat. Goat considered both ideas ridiculous and that the best way to get the apples is to shake the tree so much the apples fall and that he will be the only one having the tasty treat. Rabbit suggested to find out which is more effective. And so, Little Mouse sat in the entrance of his little hole and watched as each one took their turn. First, he watched as Pig began to climb the tree. Bit by bit, Pig hauled herself upwards, inching her way up by her trotters, making breathless oinky noises with all the effort. She climbed higher and higher, until suddenly, not actually very far from where she started, Pig got stuck. Pig couldn't move without falling, because of course everybody knows that pigs can't climb trees. All she could do was to clingon by her trotters and stare at the juicy apples, out of reach above her head. Next, Little Mouse watched as Rabbit, his big rabbity ears shaking with laughter at Pig's silliness, bagan to jump. Boing, boing, boing went Rabbit, as he jumped with all his might. Little hops at first, slowly getting bigger and bigger and bigger until suddenly, after a jump that wasn't actually very high at all, he fell to the ground huffing and puffing. Rabbit was exhausted, because of course everybody knows that rabbits can't jump as high as trees. All he could do was lie back in the grass and try to catch his breath, as he stared at the juicy apples, out of reach above his head. Finally, Little Mouse watched as Goat, laughing at both his friends for their ridiculous efforts, made her way to the tree and took a firm grip with her two hooves. Shake, shake, shake went Goat as he shook the tree with all her might. But the tree was old and sturdy and, not actually very long after she had started, Goat gave up and wobbled away. Goat was feeling dizzy, because of course everybody knows that goats can't shake apples out of trees. All he could do was stumble around in the grass, as she stared at th juicy apples, out of reach above her head. Little Mouse watched as giddy Goat tripped over exhausted Rabbit, who was still lying in the grass catching his breath. And, to top it all, Pig's trotters finally lost grip and she fell out of the tree and landed on top of both of them. All three were just a messy bundle of legs and hooves and trotters and paws and ears, staring at the juicy apples, out of reach above theiir heads. Pig said that it's no good. Rabbit and Goat both agreed. So far none of them had noticed Little Mouse, who had been watching quietly from his little hole. So it cameas quite a surprise when they heard a tiny voice that said it knows how to get the apples. The three wondered who it was and told him to show himself. Little Mouse showed himself. The three other animals followed the sound of his tiny voice until they finally spotted him, watching them intently from his little hole in the little tree. Pig doubted Little Mouse. Little Mouse thought for a moment, sizing up each of the animals in turn, before he answered. Little Mouse finally said that he would tell them how to reach the apples if they would share. Pig, Rabbit and Goat huddled together and whispered to each other. They decided that, since they had no apples, they had nothing to lose. They readily agreed, so Little Mouse told them his plan. Little Mouse asked pig to go first since she could support everyone else. And so Pig took up her position, directly under the juicy apples. Next, he asked Goat to climb onto Pig's back and Rabbit to climb onto Goat's. Pig was a strong base, Goat stood tall and Rabbit could reach high. The plan succeeded and they acquired the apples. Soon, there was a neat pile of juicy apples on the ground, right next to the little hole in the little tree where Little Mouse sat quietly, smiling to himself. And, true to their word, Pig, Goat, and Rabbit shared the apples with Little Mouse, and they all enjoyed a tasty treat, laughing together as only good friends can. The moral of the is to work together. 