Totally Bored Borris

Borris had played with all of his toys. He had read all of his books. but now he didn't know what to do next. He thought and thought. Be he couldn't think of nothing to do. Boris was totally bored. Finally Borris got up and went to his father. He tooted his trumpet and asked his father to do something with him. His father said that he was doing something and is busy painting. His father told him to go fishing. Borris told his dad that fishing is not fun to do alone. Borris pleaded his father to do something with him. His father told him that he can't right now and told Borris to read a book. Borris told his father that he's tired of books. Borris hoped that his motehr would do something with him. His mother told him that she loves to but she promised his little sister to some cookies with her. Her mother asked him to help them out instead. Borris declined and said that he hates his sister and he hates baking cookies. Borris stomped back to his room. Borris could hear happy noises coming from the kitchen. The chattering and laughing made him feel even worse. He decided to go to his tree house. He thinks that there could be something he could play with there. He took his trumpet with him, just in case there wasn't. But as soon as Borris had climbed up the tree, he saw that there was nothing to do. It was as boring as being back in his room. Borris kept asking himself what to do. There were many things he didn't want to do but nothing that he really wanted to do. Suddenly a huge cardboard box  came walking by. from inside came the voice of Borris's sister chanting that she is on her way to build a castle and no one knows where it will be. Borris could see exactly where she was going. Borris thought that building a castle is boring idea. he thought that he could make a spcaeship out of the box if he had it. He kept watching as his sister and her friends began their work. Soon Borris saw everyone pasting cutouts and buttons on the castle and painting pictures on the walls. Borris knew what he would have done instead. A spaceship would need rockets and aerials and many other things. But then he remembered that he was much too bored to do anything anyway. The next thing Borris saw was his sister and her friends carrying streamers and crepe paper. Borris thought that they are going to have a party and he hated parties. But he kept watching them from his tree house. His sister said loudly that their mother gave them her old jewelries and clothes to play dress up in while passing by under Borris's tree. Her sister added that she will be a princess and he won't see it. Borris thought to himself that he would see it and acted as if he weren't even interested. The dressing up sounded very noisy and cheerful. Borris imagined what he would dress up as a spaceman or even an alien form a strange planet if it were his party. But then Borris saw that the others were having a good time anyway. That made him feel more out-of-sorts than ever. When they posed so the princess could take a snapshot, Borris threw twigs down at them. But they were having too good a time to notice. Then his sister said to her friends to have a party now. She restated that she means a royal feast remembering that she is now a princess. She walked proudly by Borris's tree again, this time carrying a bowl filled with warm cookies. The sweet smell of the freshly baked cookies drifted up to Borris's tree  house. The pitcher of juice made him feeling thirsty. But nobody paid any attention to him. They were too busy laughing, eating, and having a good time together. Borris said that it is too much. Borris couldn't bear it any longer. He picked up his trumpet and blew it repeatedly as loud as he could. When he stopped, there was silence. There was no talking or giggling. The trumpet noise had worked. It had put an end to their silly fun and stupid party. Borris felt very pleased with himself. But suddenly he heard his name called from below. One of the guests called Borris and said that a trumpeter is just what a royal feast needs. The guest asked him if he could be the king's trumpeter. Borris was about to say something very rude. But then he thought for a moment and said that he would only do so if he'll get twenty cookies. His sister bargained for three while looking at the almost empty bowl. Borris agreed and said that it's  fair price. Borris climbed down from the tree. The party turned out to be fanstastic. The trumpeter trumpeted. The king drummed. The royal court danced.  Borris forgot all about his boredom. But he did not forget about the cookies which the princess had saved especially for him.