Tyrone and the swamp gang
Hans wilhelm


It had been a year at school for Bland. He was down to three friends, Terry, Stego, and Stella. They did not even have enough players for a mean game of meteorite soccer. Almost everybody elese had joined the Swamp Gang. The leader was Boland's worst enemy, Tyrone the horrible. Tyrone was the world's first bully and Boland was his first victim. Tyrone bullied Boland and laughed at him. Boland answered back at Tyrone that he still has friends. Stego wondered if they should join the swampies before Tyrone make their lives miserable. Boland insisted and said that the swampies are morons. Stego followed that joining the swampies is not so bad. Stella asked if Boland did not want to wear those bandannas. Tyrone answered that they are useless. One of the things Tyrone and his swampies did for fun was to play practical jokes. That night, they poured tons of soap powder into the publc fountain. Before the sun came up, the joke had turned into a big, messy, bubbly surprise for the whole neighborhood. The real surprise is when the principal scatterbone came to see the class the next morning. He smelled some rotten mouse and said to the students that he wishes none of them was involved. He tasked them to clean up the fountain. Everybody was stunned and angry even the swampies that tried hard to look cool and innocent. The gang’s morale was so low that Tyrone called for an emergency meeting to plan to take revenge. Tyrone told his plan to the gang. The plan was to pour paint on the principal’s house. The swampies agreed and took action. But the real blast came the next morning. One again the principal greeted the class. He thanked the students who have decorated his house. Tyrone was blamed that his plan did not work. Tyrone once again bullied Boland. Boland could not believe that he was in trouble again. Boland insisted that he did not squeal. Boland cried and was let off by Tyrone. Boland heard Tyrone planning for another joke. The second plan was to put large lava rocks in front of the principal’s house. Boland ran for help as fast as he could. He got Stella, Terry and Stego out of bed and told them what had happened. Boland is too afraid that this joke can hurt somebody. The four friends carefully loaded the glowing rocks into the wheelbarrow. They worked as quietly as possible. Soon the danger was over. Tyrone caught them and grasp Boland. Stella cried and said that Boland was trying to help Tyrone to be out of trouble. Suddenly, they all heard a sharp click. The door handle turned and the door creaked open. Tyrone was so startled that he jumped straight up. He knocked himself against the branch of the tree and landed on the lava rocks. For several weeks Tyrone could not sit down in class. Suddenly the bandannas disappeared and the former swampies were not wear to dress like Tyrone anymore. After all, Tyrone had to wear those comfy little diapers until he was well again, Who wanted to be like him now?
