Tyrone The Horrible

Boland was a little dinosaur. He lived with his mother and father in a great swamp forest. There were a lot of dinosaur children in Boland's neighborhood. They played together everyday, and Boland was friendly with all of them except for one. His name was Tyrone or Tyrone the Horrible, as he was usually called. He was just a kid himself, but he was much bigger and stronger than most of the others. He was a real bully if you ever saw one. In fact, he was the world's first big bully. Tyrone especially liked to pick on Boland. He punched and teased him and always stole his snack or sandwich. Boland tried to stay out of Tyrone's way but it seemed that no matter where he went, Tyrone was waiting for him. Night after night, Boland had a hard time getting to sleep. He kept thinking of ways to avoid Tyrone. It seemed hopeless. Boland's playmates tried to help. One day, Terry told Boland to make friends with Tyrone. Boland said that it was easier said than done. Boland asked how to make friends with someone who has been hurting you or teasing you all your life. Terry said to give Tyrone a present and show how much Boland cares. Boland thought for a while and asked himself what he could give to Tyrone as a present. Then he remembered how Tyrone was always taking his snacks and sandwiches. Boland said that at least it is worth a try. That afternoon, Boland went looking for Tyrone. Boland offered ice cream cone to Tyrone. Tyrone looked at Boland for the moment then smiled with a nasty smile. Tyrone grabbed the cone and then turned it upside down and squashed it on Boland's head. Tyrone laughed and walked away. Boland could hear Tyrone's laughter for a long time, echoing through the forest. The next day, Boland told his friend Stella what had happened. Stella said that Boland is taking it too seriously. Stella said not to pay attention to the big bully when he tries to tease you. She adviced to stay cool because that is the only thing that he understands. Boland said that staying cool while being scared is not easy but he will try. And so next time Boland met Tyrone, he stayed cool. Tyrone called out to Boland asking where was his sandwich. Boland did not pay attention and didn't even try to run away. He kept on walking. Tyrone said that he'll have to help himself again. He stomped on Boland's tail until Boland let go of the sandwich. Boland try not to show his tears but it hurts a lot. When Boland's friends found out what Tyrone had done, they were furious. Stego said that it is time to fight back. Stego said that Tyrone has given Boland enough trouble. Boland must stand up to him and him that he is a dinosaur too. Boland can win every fight against him. Tyrone just has a big mouth, that's all. Boland was angry too. Boland said that Stego was right and he has to fight him and stop the nonesense once and for all. Stego said to do it right now. The four friends marched off to find Tyrone.Boland stood up and faced Tyrone the Horrible. Boland said to Tyrone that he had enough of his bullying and taunted to fight. Tyrone took one look at Boland, then grinned and agreed if that's what Boland wants. It was a very short fight. Little Boland had no chance against his big enemy. Stego apologized and said that it was not a very good idea and that Boland should better give up. He said that some bullies you just can't beat. He said that Boland has to learn to live with them whether he likes it or not. But Boland did not like it. He thought that there just has to be a way to beat a bully. He was still thinking as the moon came out and the stars filled the sky. Suddenly he smiled a big smile. Boland found his answer. Then he curled up and was soon fast asleep. The next morning Boland took his sandwich and went off into the swampforest as usual. It wasn't long before he ran into Tyrone. Tryone asked if it was a snack for him and said that it should be something good. And with that he swiped the sandwich out of Boland's hand and swallowed it with one big gulp. Boland walked on as fast as he could. Suddenly he heard a terrible scream. It was tyrone. Huge flames were coming out of his mouth. Tyrone screamed for help and said that he was burning. Boland told Tyrone that it was nonsense. Boland said that it was just a sandwich and he didn't know Tyrone was so sensitive. He happened to like double thick red hot pepper sandwiches. Too bad Tyrone doesn't. Boland turned around and went off, leaving the moaning and groaning Tyrone behind. From then on, Tyrone stayed as far away from Boland as he could. Boland played happily with his friends in the swamp forest all day, and he never had trouble falling asleep at night. When much, much later some scientist found Tyrone the Horrible. He looked a little different but he still had that nasty smile on his face.