Tyrone the big bad bully
Hans Wilhelm 



Being a dinosaur kid was not easy for Boland. Although he had lots of friends, he also had one big, nasty enemy, Tyrone. Tyrone the Horrible, as he was called. Tyrone was a kid himself, but he was much bigger and he liked to pick on Boland. No matter what Boland did to stop him, sooner or later, Tyrone would start bothering him again. It was so bad that Boland even dreaded going to school. On Monday Tyrone surprised him with a water bomb. On Tuesday, Tyrone tripped him. On Wednesday, Tyrone called him dirty names. On Thursday Tyrone stole Boland’s lunch, and on Friday, Tyrone used Boland as a basketball. No wonder that Boland was looking forward to the weekend. Then he could play his friends. But the moment Boland thought of Monday, his teeth began chattering. He would have to face Tyrone, the big bad bully all over again. The next day, Tyrone was not there and the next day he was not there also. The teacher then asked Boland to carry some books but Boland insisted on doing the task. The teacher said that Tyrone was closest to Boland that is why he asked him. Boland was horrified. Boland was so scared and asked Stella, Stego, and Terry to join him in Tyrone’s house to give the books but they did not want. Boland went alone. Boland’s heart was beating very loudly as he walked through the swamp forest. Then he saw Tyrone’s house and he heard awful noises coming from inside, it sounded like a terrible fight, there were shouts and crashers. Boland was so scared that he dropped the books. He went near the doorstep and heard a much older voice than the voice of Tyrone. Boland heard a door slamming and being bolted. Then there were the sounds of heavy footsteps going up the stairs. Then there was silence. Boland sneaked around the side of the house and peeked through the cellar window. He saw someone. He saw Tyrone and asked If he is alright. Tyrone asked on why Boland was there and Boland answered that he just came to drop some books. Tyrone asked him to open the door. Boland hesitated but then he took a deep breath and looked up to the window, He made sure that nobody was in the room and then he squeezed himself through the narrow opening. Boland tiptoes across the room. He stepped over a broken furniture and dishes. Then he tried to unbolt the cellar door but it was very heavy bolt. It took all his strength but finally got the door open. Boland was still afraid of Tyrone and kept away. Suddenly there were heavy footsteps. Somebody was coming down the stairs. Boland ducked behind the cellar door. There was Tyrone’s uncle and he was old and very nasty. Boland took the moment and ran to the front door and opened the door as fast as he could. Boland tried to save Tyrone by yelling at the uncle to let Tyrone go. The uncle was so surprised that he let go of Tyrone’s arm. Tyrone then ran with Boland to the swamp forest. Tyrone thanked Boland and said that he saved him. Boland told his parents what had happened to Tyrone. His father immediately called the other dinosaurs and the discussed what to do. In the meantime Boland’s mother patched Tyrone up with love and band –aid. She did it so well that in not time, Tyrone was his old self again.
