Tyrone the cheater
Hans Wilhelm

Boland was a little dinosaur. He and his friends were going to swamp island for a week. They would eat, play games, and sleep under the stars. Everybody was very excited. Everybody that is, except Boland. His worst enemy, Tyrone the Horrible, as he was usually called, was known to make trouble. Lots of trouble. Tyrone was just a kid himself, but he was bigger and stronger than the others. No wonder he won the first game so easily. They played other games that had nothing to do with being big or strong. Still Tyrone every time. Boland thought that something is not quite right. Tyrone did not seem to care what anyone thought. He played by his very own rules, For instance, in the game of meteorite bowling, he just stepped over the white line when no one was looking. He was soon the meteorite bowling champions. Tyrone said that cheating is very easy. Meanwhile, Boland and his friends were upset. They had lost all their meteorites to Tyrone. Terry said that Tyrone cheated. Boland thought so too. They said that they should catch him red- handed. The next game was the great dinosaur egg race. It was Boland’s favorite. Towards the end Boland was in the lead, closely followed by Tyrone. Suddenly Boland stumbled and fell over something big and green. It was Tyrone’s foot. Boland cried and said that Tyrone is a lousy creep but Tyrone was already crossing the finish line with a big smile on his face. Naturally Tyrone swore he had not done anything wrong, and so they had to give him the first price, which was a delicious chocolate egg. Once again, Tyrone was pleased with himself and said that cheating always works. The next was the sack race and Boland did not join them. Boland said that he did not want to play games with Tyrone anymore. The big price was a chocolate dinosaur. Everyone wanted to win the price and the race had started. Tyrone came first again. Tyrone enjoyed the price and Boland followed him. Boland said that Tyrone was a cheater. Tyrone got mean and threatened Boland. Boland told his friends everything that has happened and he asked for help. They planned to cut him out on the next game. They planned to bury a special surprise. Boland did not know that Tyrone was listening. Later that night, when the other dinosaurs were sleeping, he took the map of the plan and a shovel. Tyrone started to dig wildly and did not look where he was throwing the dirt. He did not see the swarm of bees behind him until it was too late. The swarm of bees attacked him and he cried as he runs. Boland smile and said that the plan worked.
