Waldo And The Desert Island

It was raining on Michael's last day of vacation. He wanted to play on the beach one more time but the rain didn't stop. Michael thought it would be crazy to go out into the rain but Waldo seemed to think differently.No one else was outside. They had the whole beach to themselves. Michael wasn't sure if he could enjoy the walk in this wet weather. But, after jumping in a few puddles, Michael forgot all about the rain. THey both found some driftwood. Michael asked where the driftwood came from. Waldo said that a huge bird might have dropped on its way to build a nest. Micahel and Waldo sat doen and thought about what fun it would be to have an adventure. They thought what would happen if there really was a huge bird and saw them. Suddenly Waldo and Michael heard a loud squaking above them. Michael warned to look out. Michael also added that it is going to get them. A huge bird dived down to attack when all at once a sea monster came out of the water and swallowed the bird in one gulp. Now the sea monster was chasing Michael and Waldo. They paddled as fast as they could. They had just made it safely to the shore when Michael spotted some footprints in the sand. Michael said they were pirates that come to bury their treasure. Michael and Waldo found the pirate ship. Michael said attack as both of them ran towards the pirate ship. It was a wild battle. But soon the pirates took flight. The ship and the whole island belonged to Michael and Waldo. They took their time to look at all the treasure left behind by the pirates. But their adventures were not yet over. Soon they felt hot flames on their backs. Luckily, the brave lion they were riding was faster than the dragon. After riding down a huge waterfall, they finally reached safety. And they were close to home. Michael and Waldo decided they had had enough adventures for the day. As they soaked in a hot bath with lots of bubbles, they sang wild pirates' songs together. And when they were all clean and dry, there was a cup of hot chocolate waiting for each of them.